Added property 'goToInverval' for Carousel (#9)
gutiguy/react-spring-3d-carousel: README.md

| --------------- | -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| slides          | ---                              | An array containing elements of the form `{ key, content, onClick? }` where key holds any unique value and content holds a reference to a JSX `<img />` to be displayed. onClick is an optional property that may be used to pass a callback method which will be invoked when the slide is clicked. |
| goToSlide       | `null`                           | Setting this prop will cause the carousel to animate towards the provided index in the slides array. If `showNavigation` is set to false this prop is how you're expected to control the carousel.                                                                                                   |

> | goToSlideDelay  | `200`                            | Setting this prop will change how long the carousel takes to animate towards the index provided in `goToSlide`.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| goToSlideDelay  | `200`                            | The amount of milliseconds to delay each slide before moving to the next one while animating towards the index provided in `goToSlide`.               |
```
